What is Branch?
Hey there, we're Branch Insurance. We’re a tech-forward company led by insurance industry veterans from the largest insurance companies in the country. We started Branch because we knew there were so many ways to make insurance better by offering the easiest buying experience, creative customer discounts, and above all, restoring insurance back to its original intent: to be your best friend on your worst day. We refer to this as getting back to getting each other’s backs.

What makes Branch different?
Branch is home and auto insurance that’s easier to buy and actually built for savings. Getting insurance with Branch couldn’t be easier: just input your name and address and we can get you covered with a real price - no quotes or gimmicks. Unlike other insurance companies, Branch is actually structured to make insurance more affordable. In many states, we underwrite policies through Branch Insurance Exchange - our reciprocal insurance exchange. This means we’re able to eliminate a lot of overhead costs and pass savings along to our members. Even in states where Branch Insurance Exchange isn’t yet available, our unique community programs give our members the chance to save money by helping grow our community.

What is the Branch Insurance Exchange?
Branch Insurance Exchange is a reciprocal insurance company that we built to further our mission to make insurance better and more affordable.  Branch Insurance Exchange is owned by its members and professionally managed by Branch.  Branch Insurance Exchange has earned a Financial Stability Rating® of A, Exceptional, from Demotech, Inc.*  Click here for more information. 

Who is Everspan Insurance Company?
In some states where Branch Insurance Exchange does not currently operate, Branch Insurance sells insurance as an agent for Everspan Insurance Company.  Everspan is rated A- (Excellent) by AM Best.

Who is General Security National Insurance Company?
In some states where Branch Insurance Exchange does not currently operate, Branch Insurance sells insurance as an agent for General Security National Insurance Company (GSNIC), which is owned by SCOR, one of the largest reinsurance companies in the world.  GSNIC is rated A+ by AM Best.

Is Branch an insurance company or an insurance agency?
Branch is an insurance agency, but it also manages the Branch Insurance Exchange, which is a licensed insurance company. When you buy insurance from Branch Insurance, you're buying insurance underwritten by either Branch Insurance Exchange, General Security National Insurance Company, or Everspan Insurance Company, depending on where you live.  Regardless of which entity underwrites your policy, you’ll have access to the same great Branch member programs and services.

How long has Branch been doing business?
Branch was founded in 2017 by Steve Lekas and Joseph Emison. Steve is an insurance industry veteran, having spent the majority of his career at Allstate, while Joe started a number of technology companies. The two joined forces to start Branch, securing investment from Greycroft (the team behind Acorns, Boxed, Keeps, and Venmo) and Rise of the Rest (an investment company owned by Dan Gilbert, founder of Quicken Loans and the Rock Family of Companies as well as owner of the Cleveland Cavaliers).  

Where is Branch located?
Branch is headquartered in Columbus, Ohio and has team members located all over the country.

What products does Branch sell?
Branch offers auto, homeowners, renters and umbrella insurance. Because bundling policies with one insurance company is a great way to help customers save money, Branch makes it easier than ever.